android.support.v4.app.BackStackState
android.support.v4.app.BackStackState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState
android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity: FragmentActivity()
android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState
android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentState
android.support.v4.app.FragmentState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status: android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status[] values()
android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status: android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status valueOf(java.lang.String)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTabIndicatorColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTabIndicatorColorResource(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: int getTabIndicatorColor()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTextSpacing(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setDrawFullUnderline(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: boolean getDrawFullUnderline()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: int getMinHeight()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setTextSpacing(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: int getTextSpacing()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setNonPrimaryAlpha(float)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setTextColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setGravity(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: int getMinHeight()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setScrollState(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setAdapter(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter getAdapter()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOnAdapterChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnAdapterChangeListener)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setCurrentItem(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getCurrentItem()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOnPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getOffscreenPageLimit()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOffscreenPageLimit(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMargin(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getPageMargin()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMarginDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMarginDrawable(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setScrollingCacheEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$array: int speeds
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$color: int arrow_pickup_alpha
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$color: int background_dialog
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$color: int black
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$color: int green
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$color: int holo_blue_bright
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$color: int holo_blue_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$color: int holo_blue_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$color: int holo_green_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$color: int holo_green_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$color: int holo_orange_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$color: int holo_orange_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$color: int holo_purple
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$color: int holo_red_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$color: int holo_red_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$color: int transparent
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$color: int white
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$dimen: int margin_indent_level0
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$dimen: int margin_indent_level1
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$dimen: int margin_large
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$dimen: int margin_medium
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$dimen: int margin_small
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$dimen: int min_touchable
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$dimen: int padding_large
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$dimen: int padding_medium
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$dimen: int padding_small
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$dimen: int pile_vertical_gap
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$dimen: int text_size_large
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$dimen: int text_size_medium
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$dimen: int text_size_micro
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$dimen: int text_size_small
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$dimen: int textviewstyle_bottomamount_margin_left
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$dimen: int textviewstyle_bottomamount_margin_top
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$dimen: int textviewstyle_pilecount_margin_bottom
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$dimen: int textviewstyle_pilecount_margin_right
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$dimen: int textviewstyle_pilenumber_margin_left
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$dimen: int textviewstyle_pilenumber_margin_top
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int background_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int background_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_disable_focused_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_disable_focused_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_disable_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_disable_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_disabled_focused_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_disabled_focused_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_disabled_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_disabled_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_focused_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_focused_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_normal_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_normal_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_pressed_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_pressed_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_check_on_disable_focused_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_check_on_disable_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_check_on_disable_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_check_on_disabled_focused_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_check_on_disabled_focused_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_check_on_disabled_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_check_on_disabled_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_check_on_focused_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_check_on_focused_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_check_on_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_check_on_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_check_on_pressed_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_check_on_pressed_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_checkbox_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_checkbox_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_default_disabled_focused_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_default_disabled_focused_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_default_disabled_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_default_disabled_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_default_disabled_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_default_focused_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_default_focused_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_default_focused_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_default_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_default_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_default_normal_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_default_normal_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_default_normal_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_default_pressed_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_default_pressed_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_default_pressed_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_radio_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_radio_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off_disabled_focused_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off_disabled_focused_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off_disabled_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off_disabled_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off_focused_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off_focused_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off_pressed_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off_pressed_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_radio_on_disabled_focused_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_radio_on_disabled_focused_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_radio_on_disabled_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_radio_on_disabled_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_radio_on_focused_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_radio_on_focused_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_radio_on_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_radio_on_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_radio_on_pressed_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_radio_on_pressed_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_off_disabled_focused_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_off_disabled_focused_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_off_disabled_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_off_disabled_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_off_focused_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_off_focused_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_off_normal_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_off_normal_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_off_pressed_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_off_pressed_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_on_disabled_focused_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_on_disabled_focused_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_on_disabled_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_on_disabled_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_on_focused_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_on_focused_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_on_normal_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_on_normal_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_on_pressed_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_on_pressed_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int button_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int dialog_bottom_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int dialog_bottom_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int dialog_divider_horizontal_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int dialog_divider_horizontal_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int dialog_divider_horizontal_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int dialog_full_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int dialog_full_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int dialog_middle_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int dialog_middle_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int dialog_middle_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int dialog_top_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int dialog_top_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int edit_text_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int edit_text_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int edit_text_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_bottom_above
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_bottom_below
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_e
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_e_highlighted
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_n
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_n_highlighted
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_ne
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_ne_highlighted
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_nothing
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_nw
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_nw_highlighted
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_pickup_down
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_pickup_down_under
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_pickup_left
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_pickup_right
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_pickup_up
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_s
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_s_highlighted
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_se
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_se_highlighted
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_sw
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_sw_highlighted
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_w
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_w_highlighted
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_countdown_1
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_countdown_1_highlighted
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_countdown_2
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_countdown_2_highlighted
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_countdown_3
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_countdown_3_highlighted
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_menu_preferences
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_menu_star
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_pile_empty
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_pile_selected
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int ic_pile_unselected
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int level_list_shuffler_arrows_area
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int level_list_shuffler_pile
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int list_focused_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int list_longpressed_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int list_pressed_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int list_pressed_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int list_selector_background_transition_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int list_selector_disabled_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int list_selector_disabled_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int list_selector_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int list_selector_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int menu_dropdown_panel_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int menu_dropdown_panel_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int progress_bg_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int progress_bg_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int progress_horizontal_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int progress_horizontal_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int progress_indeterminate_horizontal_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int progress_large_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int progress_medium_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int progress_primary_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int progress_primary_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int progress_secondary_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int progress_secondary_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int progress_small_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int progressbar_indeterminate1
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int progressbar_indeterminate2
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int progressbar_indeterminate3
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int progressbar_indeterminate_holo1
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int progressbar_indeterminate_holo2
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int progressbar_indeterminate_holo3
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int progressbar_indeterminate_holo4
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int progressbar_indeterminate_holo5
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int progressbar_indeterminate_holo6
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int progressbar_indeterminate_holo7
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int progressbar_indeterminate_holo8
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int scrubber_control_disabled_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int scrubber_control_focused_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int scrubber_control_normal_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int scrubber_control_pressed_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int scrubber_control_selector_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int scrubber_primary_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int scrubber_progress_horizontal_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int scrubber_progress_horizontal_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int scrubber_secondary_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int scrubber_track_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int scrubber_track_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int spinner_16_inner_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int spinner_16_outer_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int spinner_20_inner_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int spinner_20_outer_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int spinner_48_inner_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int spinner_48_outer_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int spinner_76_inner_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int spinner_76_outer_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int spinner_background_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int spinner_background_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int spinner_default_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int spinner_default_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int spinner_disabled_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int spinner_disabled_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int spinner_focused_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int spinner_focused_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int spinner_pressed_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int spinner_pressed_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int textfield_activated_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int textfield_activated_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int textfield_bg_activated_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int textfield_bg_default_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int textfield_bg_disabled_focused_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int textfield_bg_disabled_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int textfield_bg_focused_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int textfield_default
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int textfield_default_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int textfield_default_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int textfield_disabled
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int textfield_disabled_focused_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int textfield_disabled_focused_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int textfield_disabled_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int textfield_disabled_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int textfield_disabled_selected
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int textfield_focused_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int textfield_focused_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int textfield_multiline_activated_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int textfield_multiline_activated_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int textfield_multiline_default_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int textfield_multiline_default_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int textfield_multiline_disabled_focused_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int textfield_multiline_disabled_focused_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int textfield_multiline_disabled_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int textfield_multiline_disabled_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int textfield_multiline_focused_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int textfield_multiline_focused_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int toast_frame
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int transition_arrow_e
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int transition_arrow_n
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int transition_arrow_ne
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int transition_arrow_nw
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int transition_arrow_s
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int transition_arrow_se
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int transition_arrow_sw
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int transition_arrow_w
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int transition_countdown_1
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int transition_countdown_2
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int transition_countdown_3
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$drawable: int transition_pile
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int ButtonDialogInstructionsOK
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int ButtonNew
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int ButtonResume
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int ButtonShufflerControl
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int EditTextCustomSpeed
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int EditTextDeckSize
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int ImageViewArrowsArea
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int ImageViewBottomArrowAbove
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int ImageViewBottomArrowBelow
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int ImageViewDeck
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int ImageViewPickupArrow1
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int ImageViewPickupArrow2
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int ImageViewPickupArrow3
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int ImageViewPickupArrow4
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int ImageViewPickupArrow5
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int ImageViewPickupArrow6
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int ImageViewPickupArrow7
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int ImageViewPickupArrow8Above
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int ImageViewPickupArrow8Under
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int ImageViewPile1
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int ImageViewPile2
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int ImageViewPile3
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int ImageViewPile4
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int ImageViewPile5
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int ImageViewPile6
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int ImageViewPile7
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int ImageViewPile8
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int LinearLayoutCustomSpeed
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int LinearLayoutDeckSize
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int LinearLayoutEstimatedTime
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int LinearLayoutPresetSpeed
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int LinearLayoutSetupButtons
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int LinearLayoutSpeed
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int RadioButtonCustomSpeed
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int RadioButtonPresetSpeed
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int RelativeLayoutArrowsArea
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int RelativeLayoutDeck
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int RelativeLayoutFragmentSetup
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int RelativeLayoutFragmentShuffler
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int RelativeLayoutPile1
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int RelativeLayoutPile2
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int RelativeLayoutPile3
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int RelativeLayoutPile4
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int RelativeLayoutPile5
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int RelativeLayoutPile6
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int RelativeLayoutPile7
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int RelativeLayoutPile8
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int RelativeLayoutShufflerContent
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int RelativeLayoutSpeed
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int SpinnerPresetSpeed
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int TextViewBottomAmount
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int TextViewDeck
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int TextViewDeckSize
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int TextViewDialogInstructions
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int TextViewEstimatedTime
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int TextViewEstimatedTimeLabel
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int TextViewPileNumber1
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int TextViewPileNumber2
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int TextViewPileNumber3
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int TextViewPileNumber4
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int TextViewPileNumber5
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int TextViewPileNumber6
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int TextViewPileNumber7
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int TextViewPileNumber8
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int TextViewPileSize1
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int TextViewPileSize2
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int TextViewPileSize3
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int TextViewPileSize4
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int TextViewPileSize5
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int TextViewPileSize6
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int TextViewPileSize7
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int TextViewPileSize8
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int TextViewSpeed
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int TextViewSpinnerItem
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int TextViewState
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int alertTitle
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int contentPanel
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int customPanel
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int fragment_container
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int icon
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int menu_donate
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int menu_settings
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int message
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int parentPanel
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int progress
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int progress_number
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int progress_percent
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int scrollView
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int titleDivider
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int titleDividerTop
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int title_container
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int title_template
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$id: int topPanel
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$integer: int arrow_pickup_down
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$integer: int arrow_pickup_down_under
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$integer: int arrows_countdown_1
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$integer: int arrows_countdown_2
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$integer: int arrows_countdown_3
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$integer: int arrows_nothing
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$integer: int pile_empty
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$integer: int pile_not_empty
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$integer: int pile_transition
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$layout: int activity_main
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$layout: int alert_dialog_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$layout: int alert_dialog_message
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$layout: int alert_dialog_progress
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$layout: int alert_dialog_title
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$layout: int custom_checkedtextview_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$layout: int fragment_setup
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$layout: int fragment_shuffler
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$layout: int linearlayout_instructions
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$layout: int progress_horizontal_holo_dark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$layout: int progress_horizontal_holo_light
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$layout: int progress_indeterminate_horizontal
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$layout: int progress_indeterminate_horizontal_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$layout: int progress_large_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$layout: int progress_medium_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$layout: int progress_small_holo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$layout: int spinner_item_text
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$menu: int menu_options
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$plurals: int msg_instructions_bottom
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$raw: int sound_deal1
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$raw: int sound_deal2
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$raw: int sound_deal3
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$raw: int sound_deal4
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$raw: int sound_deal5
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$raw: int sound_deal6
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$raw: int sound_deal7
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$raw: int sound_deal8
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int Choose_a_speed
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int Continue
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int Deck
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int Deck_size
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int Donate
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int Done
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int Estimated_time
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int New
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int Pause
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int Preset
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int Resume
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int Settings
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int Shufflingellipsis
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int Speed
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int Speed_preview
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int Start
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int app_name
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int app_short_name
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int bottom
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int capital_off
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int capital_on
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int content_desc_arrow_bottom
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int content_desc_arrow_pickup
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int content_desc_arrows_area
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int custom_speed
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int deal
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int deck_size_warning
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int default_custom_speed
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int default_deck_size
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int desc_deck
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int desc_pile1
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int desc_pile2
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int desc_pile3
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int desc_pile4
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int desc_pile5
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int desc_pile6
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int desc_pile7
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int desc_pile8
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int done
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int min
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int msg_instructions_begin
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int msg_instructions_pickup
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int msg_instructions_pickup_no_deck
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int ok
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int paused
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int pick_up
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int pile_number_1
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int pile_number_2
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int pile_number_3
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int pile_number_4
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int pile_number_5
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int pile_number_6
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int pile_number_7
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int pile_number_8
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int pref_sound
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int pref_tutorial
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int pref_tutorial_summary
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int speed_warning
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int starting_pile_count
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int title_instructions_begin
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int title_instructions_bottom
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$string: int title_instructions_pickup
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int AlertDialogHoloDark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int AlertDialogHoloLight
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int AppTheme
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int ButtonHoloDark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int ButtonHoloDark_Toggle
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int ButtonHoloLight
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int ButtonHoloLight_Toggle
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int ButtonStyle
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int ButtonStyle_Large
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int CheckBoxHoloDark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int CheckBoxHoloLight
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int DialogHoloDark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int DialogHoloLight
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int DropDownItemDark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int DropDownItemLight
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int EditTextHoloDark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int EditTextHoloLight
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int EditTextStyle
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int ImageViewStyle
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int LinearLayoutStyle
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int LinearLayoutStyle_Heading0
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int LinearLayoutStyle_Heading1
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int ListViewStyle
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int ProgressBarHolo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int ProgressBarHolo_Horizontal
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int ProgressBarHolo_Large
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int ProgressBarHolo_Small
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int RadioButtonStyle
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int RadioButtonStyle_Heading0
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int RadioButtonStyle_Heading1
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int RadioHoloDark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int RadioHoloLight
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int SeekBarHolo
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int SpinnerDark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int SpinnerDropDownItem
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int SpinnerItemDark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int SpinnerItemLight
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int SpinnerLight
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int SpinnerTextViewItem
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int TextAppearance
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int TextAppearance_Heading0
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int TextAppearance_Heading1
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int TextAppearance_Large
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int TextAppearance_Medium
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int TextAppearance_Micro
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int TextAppearance_Small
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int TextViewStyle
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int TextViewStyle_Heading0
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int TextViewStyle_Heading1
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int TextViewStyle_Large
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int TextViewStyle_Medium
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int TextViewStyle_Shadow
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int TextViewStyle_Shadow_Large
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int TextViewStyle_Shadow_Large_BottomAmount
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int TextViewStyle_Shadow_Large_PileCount
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int TextViewStyle_Shadow_Medium
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int TextViewStyle_Shadow_Medium_PileNumber
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int Theme_HoloEverywhereDark
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$style: int Theme_HoloEverywhereLight
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$styleable: int[] RadioGroupRelative
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$styleable: int RadioGroupRelative_android_checkedButton
com.WazaBe.HoloEverywhere.R$xml: int preferences
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.AutoResizeTextView
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.AutoResizeTextView: AutoResizeTextView(android.content.Context)
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.AutoResizeTextView: AutoResizeTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.AutoResizeTextView: AutoResizeTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.AutoResizeTextView: void setOnResizeListener(com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.AutoResizeTextView$OnTextResizeListener)
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.AutoResizeTextView: void setTextSize(float)
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.AutoResizeTextView: void setMaxTextSize(float)
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.AutoResizeTextView: float getMaxTextSize()
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.AutoResizeTextView: void setMinTextSize(float)
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.AutoResizeTextView: float getMinTextSize()
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.MainActivity
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.MainActivity: MainActivity()
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.Move
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.Move: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.Move$MoveType: com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.Move$MoveType[] values()
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.Move$MoveType: com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.Move$MoveType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$array: int speeds
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$color: int arrow_pickup_alpha
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$color: int background_dialog
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$color: int black
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$color: int green
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$color: int holo_blue_bright
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$color: int holo_blue_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$color: int holo_blue_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$color: int holo_green_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$color: int holo_green_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$color: int holo_orange_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$color: int holo_orange_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$color: int holo_purple
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$color: int holo_red_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$color: int holo_red_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$color: int transparent
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$color: int white
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$dimen: int margin_indent_level0
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$dimen: int margin_indent_level1
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$dimen: int margin_large
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$dimen: int margin_medium
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$dimen: int margin_small
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$dimen: int min_touchable
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$dimen: int padding_large
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$dimen: int padding_medium
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$dimen: int padding_small
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$dimen: int pile_vertical_gap
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$dimen: int text_size_large
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$dimen: int text_size_medium
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$dimen: int text_size_micro
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$dimen: int text_size_small
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$dimen: int textviewstyle_bottomamount_margin_left
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$dimen: int textviewstyle_bottomamount_margin_top
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$dimen: int textviewstyle_pilecount_margin_bottom
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$dimen: int textviewstyle_pilecount_margin_right
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$dimen: int textviewstyle_pilenumber_margin_left
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$dimen: int textviewstyle_pilenumber_margin_top
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int background_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int background_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_disable_focused_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_disable_focused_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_disable_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_disable_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_disabled_focused_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_disabled_focused_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_disabled_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_disabled_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_focused_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_focused_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_normal_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_normal_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_pressed_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_check_off_pressed_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_check_on_disable_focused_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_check_on_disable_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_check_on_disable_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_check_on_disabled_focused_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_check_on_disabled_focused_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_check_on_disabled_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_check_on_disabled_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_check_on_focused_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_check_on_focused_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_check_on_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_check_on_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_check_on_pressed_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_check_on_pressed_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_checkbox_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_checkbox_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_default_disabled_focused_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_default_disabled_focused_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_default_disabled_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_default_disabled_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_default_disabled_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_default_focused_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_default_focused_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_default_focused_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_default_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_default_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_default_normal_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_default_normal_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_default_normal_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_default_pressed_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_default_pressed_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_default_pressed_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_radio_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_radio_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off_disabled_focused_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off_disabled_focused_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off_disabled_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off_disabled_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off_focused_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off_focused_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off_pressed_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off_pressed_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_radio_on_disabled_focused_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_radio_on_disabled_focused_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_radio_on_disabled_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_radio_on_disabled_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_radio_on_focused_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_radio_on_focused_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_radio_on_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_radio_on_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_radio_on_pressed_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_radio_on_pressed_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_off_disabled_focused_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_off_disabled_focused_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_off_disabled_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_off_disabled_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_off_focused_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_off_focused_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_off_normal_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_off_normal_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_off_pressed_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_off_pressed_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_on_disabled_focused_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_on_disabled_focused_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_on_disabled_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_on_disabled_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_on_focused_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_on_focused_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_on_normal_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_on_normal_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_on_pressed_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int btn_toggle_on_pressed_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int button_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int dialog_bottom_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int dialog_bottom_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int dialog_divider_horizontal_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int dialog_divider_horizontal_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int dialog_divider_horizontal_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int dialog_full_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int dialog_full_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int dialog_middle_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int dialog_middle_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int dialog_middle_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int dialog_top_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int dialog_top_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int edit_text_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int edit_text_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int edit_text_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_bottom_above
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_bottom_below
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_e
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_e_highlighted
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_n
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_n_highlighted
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_ne
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_ne_highlighted
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_nothing
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_nw
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_nw_highlighted
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_pickup_down
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_pickup_down_under
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_pickup_left
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_pickup_right
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_pickup_up
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_s
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_s_highlighted
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_se
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_se_highlighted
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_sw
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_sw_highlighted
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_w
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_arrow_w_highlighted
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_countdown_1
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_countdown_1_highlighted
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_countdown_2
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_countdown_2_highlighted
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_countdown_3
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_countdown_3_highlighted
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_menu_preferences
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_menu_star
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_pile_empty
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_pile_selected
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int ic_pile_unselected
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int level_list_shuffler_arrows_area
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int level_list_shuffler_pile
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int list_focused_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int list_longpressed_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int list_pressed_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int list_pressed_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int list_selector_background_transition_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int list_selector_disabled_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int list_selector_disabled_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int list_selector_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int list_selector_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int menu_dropdown_panel_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int menu_dropdown_panel_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int progress_bg_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int progress_bg_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int progress_horizontal_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int progress_horizontal_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int progress_indeterminate_horizontal_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int progress_large_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int progress_medium_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int progress_primary_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int progress_primary_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int progress_secondary_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int progress_secondary_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int progress_small_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int progressbar_indeterminate1
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int progressbar_indeterminate2
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int progressbar_indeterminate3
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int progressbar_indeterminate_holo1
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int progressbar_indeterminate_holo2
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int progressbar_indeterminate_holo3
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int progressbar_indeterminate_holo4
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int progressbar_indeterminate_holo5
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int progressbar_indeterminate_holo6
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int progressbar_indeterminate_holo7
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int progressbar_indeterminate_holo8
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int scrubber_control_disabled_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int scrubber_control_focused_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int scrubber_control_normal_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int scrubber_control_pressed_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int scrubber_control_selector_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int scrubber_primary_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int scrubber_progress_horizontal_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int scrubber_progress_horizontal_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int scrubber_secondary_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int scrubber_track_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int scrubber_track_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int spinner_16_inner_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int spinner_16_outer_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int spinner_20_inner_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int spinner_20_outer_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int spinner_48_inner_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int spinner_48_outer_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int spinner_76_inner_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int spinner_76_outer_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int spinner_background_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int spinner_background_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int spinner_default_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int spinner_default_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int spinner_disabled_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int spinner_disabled_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int spinner_focused_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int spinner_focused_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int spinner_pressed_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int spinner_pressed_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int textfield_activated_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int textfield_activated_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int textfield_bg_activated_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int textfield_bg_default_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int textfield_bg_disabled_focused_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int textfield_bg_disabled_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int textfield_bg_focused_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int textfield_default
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int textfield_default_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int textfield_default_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int textfield_disabled
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int textfield_disabled_focused_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int textfield_disabled_focused_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int textfield_disabled_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int textfield_disabled_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int textfield_disabled_selected
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int textfield_focused_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int textfield_focused_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int textfield_multiline_activated_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int textfield_multiline_activated_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int textfield_multiline_default_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int textfield_multiline_default_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int textfield_multiline_disabled_focused_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int textfield_multiline_disabled_focused_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int textfield_multiline_disabled_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int textfield_multiline_disabled_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int textfield_multiline_focused_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int textfield_multiline_focused_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int toast_frame
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int transition_arrow_e
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int transition_arrow_n
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int transition_arrow_ne
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int transition_arrow_nw
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int transition_arrow_s
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int transition_arrow_se
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int transition_arrow_sw
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int transition_arrow_w
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int transition_countdown_1
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int transition_countdown_2
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int transition_countdown_3
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$drawable: int transition_pile
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int ButtonDialogInstructionsOK
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int ButtonNew
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int ButtonResume
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int ButtonShufflerControl
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int EditTextCustomSpeed
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int EditTextDeckSize
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int ImageViewArrowsArea
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int ImageViewBottomArrowAbove
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int ImageViewBottomArrowBelow
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int ImageViewDeck
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int ImageViewPickupArrow1
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int ImageViewPickupArrow2
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int ImageViewPickupArrow3
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int ImageViewPickupArrow4
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int ImageViewPickupArrow5
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int ImageViewPickupArrow6
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int ImageViewPickupArrow7
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int ImageViewPickupArrow8Above
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int ImageViewPickupArrow8Under
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int ImageViewPile1
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int ImageViewPile2
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int ImageViewPile3
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int ImageViewPile4
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int ImageViewPile5
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int ImageViewPile6
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int ImageViewPile7
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int ImageViewPile8
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int LinearLayoutCustomSpeed
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int LinearLayoutDeckSize
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int LinearLayoutEstimatedTime
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int LinearLayoutPresetSpeed
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int LinearLayoutSetupButtons
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int LinearLayoutSpeed
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int RadioButtonCustomSpeed
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int RadioButtonPresetSpeed
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int RelativeLayoutArrowsArea
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int RelativeLayoutDeck
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int RelativeLayoutFragmentSetup
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int RelativeLayoutFragmentShuffler
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int RelativeLayoutPile1
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int RelativeLayoutPile2
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int RelativeLayoutPile3
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int RelativeLayoutPile4
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int RelativeLayoutPile5
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int RelativeLayoutPile6
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int RelativeLayoutPile7
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int RelativeLayoutPile8
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int RelativeLayoutShufflerContent
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int RelativeLayoutSpeed
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int SpinnerPresetSpeed
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int TextViewBottomAmount
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int TextViewDeck
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int TextViewDeckSize
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int TextViewDialogInstructions
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int TextViewEstimatedTime
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int TextViewEstimatedTimeLabel
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int TextViewPileNumber1
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int TextViewPileNumber2
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int TextViewPileNumber3
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int TextViewPileNumber4
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int TextViewPileNumber5
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int TextViewPileNumber6
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int TextViewPileNumber7
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int TextViewPileNumber8
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int TextViewPileSize1
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int TextViewPileSize2
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int TextViewPileSize3
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int TextViewPileSize4
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int TextViewPileSize5
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int TextViewPileSize6
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int TextViewPileSize7
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int TextViewPileSize8
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int TextViewSpeed
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int TextViewSpinnerItem
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int TextViewState
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int alertTitle
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int contentPanel
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int customPanel
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int fragment_container
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int icon
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int menu_donate
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int menu_settings
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int message
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int parentPanel
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int progress
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int progress_number
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int progress_percent
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int scrollView
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int titleDivider
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int titleDividerTop
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int title_container
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int title_template
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$id: int topPanel
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$integer: int arrow_pickup_down
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$integer: int arrow_pickup_down_under
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$integer: int arrows_countdown_1
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$integer: int arrows_countdown_2
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$integer: int arrows_countdown_3
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$integer: int arrows_nothing
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$integer: int pile_empty
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$integer: int pile_not_empty
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$integer: int pile_transition
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$layout: int activity_main
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$layout: int alert_dialog_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$layout: int alert_dialog_message
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$layout: int alert_dialog_progress
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$layout: int alert_dialog_title
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$layout: int custom_checkedtextview_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$layout: int fragment_setup
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$layout: int fragment_shuffler
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$layout: int linearlayout_instructions
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$layout: int progress_horizontal_holo_dark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$layout: int progress_horizontal_holo_light
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$layout: int progress_indeterminate_horizontal
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$layout: int progress_indeterminate_horizontal_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$layout: int progress_large_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$layout: int progress_medium_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$layout: int progress_small_holo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$layout: int spinner_item_text
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$menu: int menu_options
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$plurals: int msg_instructions_bottom
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$raw: int sound_deal1
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$raw: int sound_deal2
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$raw: int sound_deal3
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$raw: int sound_deal4
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$raw: int sound_deal5
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$raw: int sound_deal6
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$raw: int sound_deal7
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$raw: int sound_deal8
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int Choose_a_speed
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int Continue
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int Deck
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int Deck_size
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int Donate
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int Done
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int Estimated_time
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int New
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int Pause
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int Preset
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int Resume
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int Settings
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int Shufflingellipsis
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int Speed
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int Speed_preview
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int Start
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int app_name
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int app_short_name
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int bottom
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int capital_off
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int capital_on
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int content_desc_arrow_bottom
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int content_desc_arrow_pickup
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int content_desc_arrows_area
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int custom_speed
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int deal
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int deck_size_warning
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int default_custom_speed
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int default_deck_size
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int desc_deck
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int desc_pile1
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int desc_pile2
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int desc_pile3
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int desc_pile4
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int desc_pile5
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int desc_pile6
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int desc_pile7
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int desc_pile8
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int done
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int min
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int msg_instructions_begin
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int msg_instructions_pickup
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int msg_instructions_pickup_no_deck
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int ok
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int paused
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int pick_up
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int pile_number_1
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int pile_number_2
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int pile_number_3
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int pile_number_4
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int pile_number_5
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int pile_number_6
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int pile_number_7
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int pile_number_8
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int pref_sound
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int pref_tutorial
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int pref_tutorial_summary
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int speed_warning
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int starting_pile_count
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int title_instructions_begin
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int title_instructions_bottom
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$string: int title_instructions_pickup
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int AlertDialogHoloDark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int AlertDialogHoloLight
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int AppTheme
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int ButtonHoloDark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int ButtonHoloDark_Toggle
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int ButtonHoloLight
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int ButtonHoloLight_Toggle
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int ButtonStyle
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int ButtonStyle_Large
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int CheckBoxHoloDark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int CheckBoxHoloLight
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int DialogHoloDark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int DialogHoloLight
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int DropDownItemDark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int DropDownItemLight
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int EditTextHoloDark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int EditTextHoloLight
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int EditTextStyle
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int ImageViewStyle
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int LinearLayoutStyle
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int LinearLayoutStyle_Heading0
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int LinearLayoutStyle_Heading1
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int ListViewStyle
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int ProgressBarHolo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int ProgressBarHolo_Horizontal
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int ProgressBarHolo_Large
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int ProgressBarHolo_Small
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int RadioButtonStyle
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int RadioButtonStyle_Heading0
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int RadioButtonStyle_Heading1
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int RadioHoloDark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int RadioHoloLight
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int SeekBarHolo
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int SpinnerDark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int SpinnerDropDownItem
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int SpinnerItemDark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int SpinnerItemLight
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int SpinnerLight
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int SpinnerTextViewItem
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int TextAppearance
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int TextAppearance_Heading0
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int TextAppearance_Heading1
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int TextAppearance_Large
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int TextAppearance_Medium
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int TextAppearance_Micro
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int TextAppearance_Small
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int TextViewStyle
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int TextViewStyle_Heading0
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int TextViewStyle_Heading1
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int TextViewStyle_Large
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int TextViewStyle_Medium
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int TextViewStyle_Shadow
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int TextViewStyle_Shadow_Large
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int TextViewStyle_Shadow_Large_BottomAmount
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int TextViewStyle_Shadow_Large_PileCount
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int TextViewStyle_Shadow_Medium
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int TextViewStyle_Shadow_Medium_PileNumber
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int Theme_HoloEverywhereDark
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$style: int Theme_HoloEverywhereLight
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$styleable: int[] RadioGroupRelative
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$styleable: int RadioGroupRelative_android_checkedButton
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.R$xml: int preferences
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.SettingsActivity
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.SettingsActivity: SettingsActivity()
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.SetupFragment$Speeds: com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.SetupFragment$Speeds[] values()
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.SetupFragment$Speeds: com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.SetupFragment$Speeds valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.ShufflerFragment$State: com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.ShufflerFragment$State[] values()
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.ShufflerFragment$State: com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.ShufflerFragment$State valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.billing.BillingReceiver
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.billing.BillingReceiver: BillingReceiver()
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.billing.BillingService
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.billing.BillingService: BillingService()
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.billing.Consts$PurchaseState: com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.billing.Consts$PurchaseState[] values()
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.billing.Consts$PurchaseState: com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.billing.Consts$PurchaseState valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.billing.Consts$ResponseCode: com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.billing.Consts$ResponseCode[] values()
com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.billing.Consts$ResponseCode: com.andrewkeeton.divide.and.conquer.card.shuffler.billing.Consts$ResponseCode valueOf(java.lang.String)
